{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;\f5\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c26275\c26275\c26275;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs69\fsmilli34667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Docker topics for devops workshop
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf3 \strokec3 Brief intro about docker:
\f2\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf0 Docker is a containerization platform that allows developers to package applications and their dependencies into portable containers.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf3 \strokec3 Why do we need docker? What were the issues we faced before docker.
\f2\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf0 Will give real time examples for each of these points mentioned below
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf0 1. 
\f5\b Dependency Management:
\f3\b0  Applications often required specific libraries, software versions, and configurations to run correctly. Installing and managing these dependencies on different machines was challenging and often led to compatibility issues.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f3\fs37\fsmilli18667 2. 
\f5\b Environment Consistency:
\f3\b0  Developers could encounter "It works on my machine" problems, where an application ran fine on a developer's machine but failed in other environments due to differences in the operating system, software versions, or other factors.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f3\fs37\fsmilli18667 3. 
\f5\b Deployment Complexity
\f3\b0 : Deploying applications on different servers or cloud environments required manual configuration, which was time-consuming and error-prone.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f3\fs37\fsmilli18667 4. 
\f5\b Isolation
\f3\b0 : Applications running on the same server could interfere with each other, leading to conflicts and performance issues.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f3\fs37\fsmilli18667 5. 
\f5\b Scaling
\f3\b0 : Scaling applications to handle increased traffic or workload was cumbersome and required manual effort to provision new servers.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\
Docker architecture}